Add memory management document (#115)
tc39/proposal-async-context: WEB-INTEGRATION.md

- The `popstate` event
- The `message` and `messageerror` events
- All events dispatched on `XMLHttpRequest` or `XMLHttpRequestUpload` objects
- The `unhandledrejection` and `rejectionhandled` events on the global object
  (see below)

> TODO: The exact list of events is still under discussion.

> No spec text or browser code dealing with events would need to keep track of
> the list above. Instead, the spec text and browser code that fires each of these
> individual events would be modified so that it keeps track of the context in
> which these events were scheduled (e.g. the context of `window.postMessage` or
> `xhr.send()`), and so that that context is restored before firing the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list above is not meant to be hard-coded in the events machinery as a "is this event part of that list?" check. Instead, the spec text and browser code that fires
each of these individual events would be modified so that it keeps track of the
context in which these events were scheduled (e.g. the context of `window.postMessage` or `xhr.send()`), and so that that context is restored before firing the event.
```
